Copyright (c) 2025 Pantasilea

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software to use, copy, modify, merge, host, and distribute
copies or modifications of this software without restrictions, provided
the following conditions are met:

1. You must include this license file, unmodified, in all copies or
substantial portions or modified versions of this software.

2. If you make a modified version of this software, you must make the
source code of the modified version available publicly, free of charge,
and under this same license, even if you merge the source code with
your own project. You do not need to make the entire source code of
your own project available and under this same license, only the source
code pertaining to the modified version of this software.

3. You, as a contributor of this software, cannot sue, charge any form
of money, or bother anyone using, copying, modifying, merging, hosting,
or distributing this software or modified versions of this software
with the reason of patent or copyright infringement. Effectively, you,
as a contributor of this software, grant a non-exclusive, worldwide,
royalty-free, and perpetual permission to use, copy, modify, merge,
host, and distribute your contributions as part of this software or
modified versions of this software to any person obtaining a copy of
this software or a modified version of this software.

4. Modified versions of this software must be plainly marked as such
and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.

If you contribute to this software in any capacity and in any measure,
you automatically, immediately, and perpetually become a contributor
of this software.

Being a contributor of this software does not grant you additional
permissions or any privileges. The only permissions contributors of
this software have are the ones stated in this license.

If you violate this license, the permissions granted to you with this
license are automatically and immediately revoked. You can obtain the
permissions again if you stop violating this license: once 120 days
have passed since the day you stopped violating this license and you
have not violated this license again since that day, you can consider
the permissions restored. The only other way to obtain the permissions
again is for you to contact one of the authors or copyright holders of
this software and request them to restore the permissions, if one of
them accepts your request, you can consider the permissions restored.
If you violate this license again, the permissions granted to you with
this license are automatically and immediately revoked again.

The software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind,
express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and
non-infringement. In no event shall the authors, Copyright holders, or
contributors be liable for any claim, damages, or other liability,
whether in contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of, or in
connection with the software, or the use or other dealings in the
software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.